ToDo.md, before:

Branching away from the main to test some features.
This to-do list is a way for me to keep track of the things I've completed overtime.

Ethan's personal TO-DO LIST
- [X] Set up basic player movement.
- [X] Set up the third person player camera.
- [X] Set up a local version of the project that's pushable to a secondary branch.
- [X] Set up basic landscaping tools that's needed for creating different segments of a level.
- [X] Add cinemachine and a few other useful tools from Unity. It should make it a lot easier to work on the animation/rigging portion of the project.
- [X] Lock the mouse to the center of the screen when playing.
- [X] Migrate to the latest LTS version and fix any small inconsistences. I won't be add anymore features until we're set on which LTS engine we're going to use for Unity.
- [X] Fix the camera bug where the mouse moves the camera the opposite direction.
- [ ] Add base stats for the player character. Possibly have the player and the stats be separated, BUT interconnected.
- [X] Attach the player stats to the player character.
- [ ] Have the player take damage from an environmental source to test some programming logic, regarding the HP.

Commit message:

Updating my branch so it's up to speed.

ToDo.md, after:

Branching away from the main to test some features.
I highly recommend that any changes made here should NOT be pushed into the main branch, until I make a 'release' version of some sort.

TO-DO LIST
- [X] Set up basic player movement.
- [X] Set up the third person player camera.
- [X] Set up a local version of the project that's pushable to a secondary branch.
- [X] Set up basic landscaping tools that's needed for creating different segments of a level.
- [X] Add cinemachine and a few other useful tools from Unity. It should make it a lot easier to work on the animation/rigging portion of the project.
- [X] Lock the mouse to the center of the screen when playing.
- [X] Migrate to the latest LTS version and fix any small inconsistences. I won't be add anymore features until we're set on which LTS engine we're going to use for Unity.
- [X] Fix the camera bug where the mouse moves the camera the opposite direction.
- [ ] Add base stats for the player character. Possibly need typedef struct?
